Added GH actions for windows and Mac (#112)
NCAR/tuv-x: docs/source/api/cross_sections.rst

.. TUV-x Cross Sections

Cross Sections
==============

> A :f:type:`~tuvx_cross_section/cross_section_t`, or one of its subclasses, calculates a chemical cross 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A :f:type:`~tuvx_cross_section/cross_section_t`, or one of its subclasses, calculates an absorption cross 
```

section for one or more chemical reactions.

The cross sections used by ``tuv-x`` are specified by the configuration.
See :ref:`configuration-cross-section` for more information.
Each cross section is built by the
:f:mod:`tuvx_cross_section_factory` and stored in the 

> :f:type:`~tuvx_cross_section_warehouse/cross_section_warehouse_t`.

Reviewer: I liked the example code you added for grids. Could you add something similar for cross-sections?

Reviewer 2: Done.
